so you missed the boat on AI or you wish
you doubl down in this video we are
going to talk about the next big trade
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you we are going to look
at the next big investment right now
going on and you will see black rock
talking about it and many others it's
kind of obvious but I need to present
that to you today I'm going to give you
all the information that you need and
we'll look at why this is the case
beginning with power demands of AI
present huge investment opportunity
that's according to black rocks think AI
is capital intensive compute intensive
and energy intensive this is of course
General Atlantic at the WF the world
economic Forum talking about it we need
to understand that what we have today
the energy that we can produce today is
not enough so if we are expecting AI to
advance it cannot do so it is impossible
it cannot do so without more energy and
if it becomes more expensive then
suddenly things start looking very
different the development of artificial
intelligence with its significant power
consumption is Raising questions about
impact on the energy prices and the grid
that's what think has said this uh also
talking about the fact that there's
potential challenges the need for
increased infrastructure presents a huge
investment opportunity the amount of
power that's needed has a huge impact on
society where's that power going to come
from are we going to take it off the
grid What is it mean for elevated Energy
prices forget about the use of it but
just the generation of it requires
massive power but that is a huge
investment opportunity and so we have to
start looking at it and they didn't say
but I think it's pretty clear when you
start to think about what's going to
power this is it going to be wind
turbines that are going to power this is
it going to be solar is it going to be
geothermal or is it going to be
nuclear and of course we'll probably see
more of all of that
certainly but we have to be honest about
it we got to see what they're telling us
and follow the money well that's what
we'll do today we're going to follow the
money so we start with Black Rock that's
the big
money once Unthinkable nuclear plant
Revival is a reality in US shift restart
of Michigan's palisad plant could lead
to more reopenings that's not the only
place we're seeing my goodness Fukushima
like what's going to be next a month
after the US offered $1.5 billion to
restart one shutter nuclear power plant
there's a growing sense among officials
in the industry and government that it
may not be the last there are a couple
of nuclear power plants that we probably
could and can turn back on so of course
we will see this there they are talking
about this widespread it's happening in
Canada it's happening in France it's
happening all over all over the place a
lot of the other players that have
nuclear power plant had recently shut
down that could be turned back on and
are gaining the confidence to try now I
don't know if these are safe I'm not
talking about the safety Factor all
right because a lot of these are the old
style right these are from like 40 years
ago this is not the new stuff the new
stuff apparently is much much better but
in the meantime we have an issue we got
this AI we've got population uh being
moving out of the rural areas into the
cities this is going on globally we've
got people just overall using more
energy all the stuff we have uses more
energy and whether that's going to come
in the form of you know natural gas
whether that's going to come in the form
of you know nuclear whatever we need
more energy right okay so that's that
look at this you could see I've been by
the way I've been talking about nuclear
and specifically
uranium as the play on this since 2020
so if you're new to the channel I've
been talking about it on here we can
have some people verifying that if if
you'd really like but just you can go
back to 2020 and I've been talking about
it but certainly there have been names
and I only mention because I don't give
Financial advice but I did mention camoo
as being one just because they're the
biggest all right and so you could play
this in a few different ways you could
buy a company like cico you could buy
the physical you could buy a combination
of both it's dependent on how you want
to play it but understand where the
value is being presented because of the
changes that are going on the
governments are saying we need more
energy and this is what we're going to
do there is now trillions of dollars
being invested in this so we have ai
right but there's something else hang on
for a second here typical data center
without AI demand 12 KW data center
supporting AI in training phase 80
kilowatt data center supporting AI in
inference phase 40 kilow so just
understand you suddenly add AI in there
and the power demand
skyrockets you see what I'm going with
this okay we don't know if that's going
to be the actual case or if it's in one
place if it's in another place what
technology they're using all that stuff
that's the fine print but just
understand that the power usage goes up
considerably data center power
consumption by providers or Enterprises
in a gigawatts going from 2014 up into
into the future look we're going to need
more power that's all I know we're going
to need a lot more power whether or not
the current AI is going to be like the
future I don't know look we just need
more power and we have something that
could provide a lot of power
potentially this is some of the plays
that are available I'm just going to put
this here for you Goldman Sachs I'll
show you something Goldman Sachs
provided in just a second but you can
take a screenshot of this if you'd like
you could do your own research on this
you'll see camoo in there they kind of
broke it down its own little fund um so
shout outs to finance Friday Live Crew
oh maybe we can cover this on on Friday
if you're interested uh and of course uh
Spartan Spartan specifically shout outs
to Spartan all right looking at this
data center equipment so you even have
the companies providing the electrical
components the rates which is huge by
the way um that's the one like a lot of
reads are not good but that could be one
that's uh you know interesting or
exciting you have semiconductors all
that stuff so it's not just one aspect
you've got tons of different ways to
play this and I would say don't go all
in on one
Spartan okay look at this brought AI
looking at that power up America and
data center equipment so these are
others again screenshot if you like but
we're just uh trying to see where
Investments could be in their
performance over the last while how they
have done it I think always better to
have a variety even if you think hey
well this is the way it went no no no we
want that variety okay so I'm trying to
give you as much information as you like
I I possibly can I'm trying to provide
you with that you got to do your own
digging okay uh but I just think there's
something very clear where the
governments are sending billions and
billions and billions globally into the
trillions into this stuff so we know
it's AI we know
more power will be necessary just in
general and they're even saying hey we
need to get clean and we are restarting
our nuclear plants come on let's be
honest what's going on this is a chart
um infographic nine critical energy
minerals for investors wanted to show it
to you you could see electric vehicles
wind and solar and nuclear let's go from
the nuclear it's not just uranium but
also nickel for wind and solar you got
silver copper nickel magnes rare Earths
and then for electric vehicles lithium
graphite and Cobalt so just wanted to
break that down because people hear
about you know the one aspect of it you
should know a little bit more on that
okay so you can dig in all the links for
today's video and all my videos are in
that right at the bottom basically uh
there's a sources link you link where
you can click on that just keep in mind
that just because like in the case of
silver just because something is being
used a lot that it's in demand a lot
doesn't mean that the price necessarily
goes higher all right of course there is
supply and demand always but you can
have a case where silver has been
subdued for for a very long time even
though in the last little while it's
performed uh well JP Morgan warns of
delay to the global energy transition
all right inflation interest rates and
Wars May well delay the energy
transition by quite a long
time this is the the shift from what
they call the hydrocarbons to the
Alternatives I don't know exactly what's
going to happen here but you got to keep
in mind what's going on that they are
pumping in the billions dollars is it
going to be in the wind and the solar or
are they going to start investing more
into nuclear I think that's likely to
get the biggest bang for their Buck
there's just a problem though if they
want to today today today to say okay we
agree we want to build more nuclear well
they agree to it today that's 5 10 years
down the road by the time it actually
comes online so there's this big gap
when you see see all the predictions and
estimates and everything by you know
think about
2034 oh my goodness it's the Jetson
we're flying around flying cars and
drones are delivering everything not
without energy at a reasonable price so
keep that in mind I hope this video this
video was valuable to you of course you
can share this with people if you
thought it was good I want to tell you
that the finance Friday live crew gets
all of this information broken down
every Friday for 2 hours plus so um you
know if you want to join that if you're
just interested in it you can always
just reach out to me and there will be a
link at the top of the description where
you can join up or just find out some
more information this is the page right
here to take a look there's a short
video and then a lot of information down
below for you to read click that link
and don't forget to hit that thumbs up
button on the way out I'll see you back
here tomorrow take care